go over our audits hub

go over the whole chat three times
and see what should be completed and enhanced and optimized and consolidate and place default recommendations for scheduling runs 
* add a list of types of scheduling .. daily, after an occasion!! [list all kinds], weekly....ect. 
see if combinatorial engine and pe engine can help .. 
* populate each with a default and a drop down allowing admins and developers to change it.
* create a mechanism of saving as raw content the findings and wire it strongly to the evolve + qc + prevention elements!! 
* create a pattern identifier who can endlessly transform the raw content into workable data that must be registered following a defined data file template you will create. 
* see how it is all serving the templating elements and connect it to personalization hub you should create. 
be humble and allow yourself not to be rushing but allow for example to take 1 2 or 3 bullet point and process them an then move on 

iterate what you did until real zf findings
simulate flows and find gaps and complete them 
+ appreciate how iterations provide value again and again - see where it could be enhance to be the default 

once done fo over connectivity to all you did now to the core
see what would a top expert to to enhance alignment and inheritance 

see what could be added to go over this connection to the core be verified 

go over all and enhance creation protocols so inheritance will be clearly mentioned and done. 



where are we with the unified multi session multi chat dynamic plan with the numbered parts in each file and bundling orchestrator and the statuses for each part in each planning document and a mandatory alignment context dna and relevant corespine in each and every file? 

Do we have such files in our schema?
all relevant elements are consolidated? optimized? wired ? 



======


Now do it all focused on the use of well defined "QUOTES" of famous people + create a "Core Quotes library" and a dashboard for it - do it now - create the top topic and sub topics aligned to schema + what you thing  is useful. 
populate each one with at least 10 different quote of famous people 
+ tag them and add our core universal status element [create ne if we do not have one] 
+ plus formalize our tagging elements as a core universal tagging.
create libraries for bot and engrave the all csps libraries and similar dashboards [similar in structure and function - different things though] 

+ go over the platform and see similar things are built differently and can become the base of a template [if different enough make sure we have a master template for everything and formalize the structure of sub templates for main topics and sub sub ones and edge templates for really personalized use cases. 

 

